README.md, before:

# Repository Assignment
## This repository contains all folders and files that I worked on this Fall 2021 semester.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52255113/145565942-394015d2-638c-468a-b07a-91956b3c03b1.png)

Credit: entrepreneurship.columbia.edu

## Repository Objectives:

#### 1. Organize all my work from this semester in one place. Be an appropriate landing page for others to view my work.
#### 2. Show a clear progression in my understanding of material throughout the course.

## Tutorial Introduction:

Hello! Thank you for taking the time to read through my repository. I hope you find everything easily. This is all the work I completed over the Fall 2021 semester. I would also like to give a big thank you to the teaching team for all their hard work this term, especially with answering all my questions. I have learned a great deal throughout this course which I will be carrying with me into the real world (both academically and career wise). Below you will find more information regarding the repository. Happy Coding! :)

## This Repository contains the following folders and files: 

## Folders:

### [Challenges](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/course-repository-mzargari/tree/master/Challenges):
A folder containing all my work from the Challenges I completed. Folders for Challenges 1, 2, 3, and 4 are all contained in the folder.

### [Notes_and_Links](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/course-repository-mzargari/tree/master/Notes_and_Links):
A folder containing the notes that I took throughout this course. It also contains links to websites that have information that I have used throughout the semester which help explain many concepts we have learned.

### [Tutorials_Readings_Videos](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/course-repository-mzargari/tree/master/Tutorials_Readings_Videos):
A folder that contains all files, by week 'X', that we were assigned that I worked on. Each week, from week 1 to 10, contains the following folders
#### (1) Week_X_Assignments
A textfile containing all the readings, videos, and Coding Club tutorial links that were assigned and suggested for week X
#### (2) Week_X_Data 
A folder containing all the data I used that week for my tutorial assignments.
#### (3) Week_X_Tutorial_Work 
A folder for the code that I typed from the Coding Club tutorials. These coding files include my own comments and headers.
#### (4) [If applicable] Week_X_Outputs
A folder containing all the outputs from my Coding Club tutorial (if outputs were recorded).

## Files:

- .gitignore: A list of filetypes that should not be uploaded to the repository.
- LICENSE: The licensing for the repository.
- README.md: this file that you are reading right now outlining my goals and explaining the contents of the repository.
- Tutorial_Instructions: The original assignment instructions.

## Contact Information:

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, please reach out to me using the information below:

Michael Zargari Github: @mzargari Email: s2253374@ed.ac.uk

## Repository Workflow 

1. Figure out how to use Github.
2. Organize my work into a few simple folders.
3. Elaborate on those folders by creating subfolders.
4. Keep track of weekly coding club tutorial progress and work by uploading them.
5. Upload README files for each folder.
6. Take course notes.
7. Upload my challenges from the course, making edits where needed based off of feedback.
8. Make final touches and thank teaching team for the great semester! (Thank you for such a great semester!!)

## Coding Etiquette

The following rules should be upheld at all times when coding or working in this repo:
1. Include informative comments throughout your code, using the hashtag (`#`) symbol.
2. Space out your code to make it easier to read (putting spaces between operators).
3. Breakdown your work into sections by typing - four times (`----`) in RStudio next to a comment.
4. Give informative names to all of your objects.
5. Keep your code to under 100 characters in length per line (add guidance line as reference).
6. When naming folders and assignments, capitalize the first letter and use `_` for spaces if necessary.


#### Have a Great Day!

#### - Michael

Commit message:

Added clarifications for tutorials folder

README.md, after:

# Repository Assignment
## This repository contains all folders and files that I worked on this Fall 2021 semester.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52255113/145565942-394015d2-638c-468a-b07a-91956b3c03b1.png)

Credit: entrepreneurship.columbia.edu

## Repository Objectives:

#### 1. Organize all my work from this semester in one place. Be an appropriate landing page for others to view my work.
#### 2. Show a clear progression in my understanding of material throughout the course.

## Tutorial Introduction:

Hello! Thank you for taking the time to read through my repository. I hope you find everything easily. This is all the work I completed over the Fall 2021 semester. I would also like to give a big thank you to the teaching team for all their hard work this term, especially with answering all my questions. I have learned a great deal throughout this course which I will be carrying with me into the real world (both academically and career wise). Below you will find more information regarding the repository. Happy Coding! :)

## This Repository contains the following folders and files: 

## Folders:

### [Challenges](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/course-repository-mzargari/tree/master/Challenges):
A folder containing all my work from the Challenges I completed. Folders for Challenges 1, 2, 3, and 4 are all contained in the folder.

### [Notes_and_Links](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/course-repository-mzargari/tree/master/Notes_and_Links):
A folder containing the notes that I took throughout this course. It also contains links to websites that have information that I have used throughout the semester which help explain many concepts we have learned.

### [Tutorials_Readings_Videos](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/course-repository-mzargari/tree/master/Tutorials_Readings_Videos):
A folder that contains all files, by week 'X', that we were assigned that I worked on. Each week, from week 1 to 10, contains the following folders
#### (1) Week_X_Assignments
A textfile containing all the readings, videos, and Coding Club tutorial links that were assigned and suggested for week X
#### (2) Week_X_Data 
A folder containing all the data I used that week for my tutorial assignments.
#### (3) Week_X_Tutorial_Work 
A folder for the code that I typed from the Coding Club tutorials. These coding files include my own comments and headers.
#### (4) [If applicable] Week_X_Outputs
A folder containing all the outputs from my Coding Club tutorial (if outputs were recorded).
#### (5) [If applicable] Week_X_Tutorial-Provided_Code
A folder containing all the scripts that were provided with the Coding Club tutorial, if scripts were recorded. Many times, these scripts need to be corrected, which the corrected one would be found in the folder titled "Week_X_Tutorial_Work."

## Files:

- .gitignore: A list of filetypes that should not be uploaded to the repository.
- LICENSE: The licensing for the repository.
- README.md: this file that you are reading right now outlining my goals and explaining the contents of the repository.
- Tutorial_Instructions: The original assignment instructions.

## Contact Information:

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, please reach out to me using the information below:

Michael Zargari Github: @mzargari Email: s2253374@ed.ac.uk

## Repository Workflow 

1. Figure out how to use Github.
2. Organize my work into a few simple folders.
3. Elaborate on those folders by creating subfolders.
4. Keep track of weekly coding club tutorial progress and work by uploading them.
5. Upload README files for each folder.
6. Take course notes.
7. Upload my challenges from the course, making edits where needed based off of feedback.
8. Make final touches and thank teaching team for the great semester! (Thank you for such a great semester!!)

## Coding Etiquette

The following rules should be upheld at all times when coding or working in this repo:
1. Include informative comments throughout your code, using the hashtag (`#`) symbol.
2. Space out your code to make it easier to read (putting spaces between operators).
3. Breakdown your work into sections by typing - four times (`----`) in RStudio next to a comment.
4. Give informative names to all of your objects.
5. Keep your code to under 100 characters in length per line (add guidance line as reference).
6. When naming folders and assignments, capitalize the first letter and use `_` for spaces if necessary.


#### Have a Great Day!

#### - Michael
